bottom and
to your union and. and carry Kerry
all the best
one of life and forever inaba
the residence of the best
bright streaks of life to infinity
in the brain wish happiness and well-being
have always been together happily both in food and in
Joy and all congratulations to you
wish you all the best
good love happiness
respected each other not offended parents
did not forget
I am fine with you
it's a shadow
young spouses let come true for you
the wonders of the water the flight were hands
sold each other hearts a big life
live you form
grief and joy all in half after important
always remain the most important soloist
the sun is not love and children
you will be the joy of big ji
in peace and harmony on the most golden
was years
be
Yes
thunder
lesson